Documentation revisions for v3 (#3150)
geopm/geopm: service/docs/source/build.rst

Source Build Guide
==================

> This documentation provides build instructions for administrators who are interested in installing the GEOPM Service based on a checkout from the GEOPM git repository. Following these instructions will assist users in creating RPM packages compatible with various Linux distributions.

Reviewer: Maintain the column limit (more instances below). We haven't been very strict about the limit in these documentation files. Some use a limit around 70, others around 80. Most files try to stay around 70.

> We have tested packages created through this process on CentOS 8, RHEL 8, and SLES 15 SP2 Linux distributions. Feedback from tests on other distributions such as Fedora, openSUSE Leap, and Ubuntu is highly appreciated. 

Reviewer: Minor suggestion:
```suggestion
We have tested packages created through this process on CentOS 8, RHEL 8, and SLES 15 SP2 Linux distributions. Feedback from installations on other distributions such as Fedora, openSUSE Leap, and Ubuntu would be greatly appreciated. 
```

> Please note that currently, there is no .deb support. GEOPM Service installation is reliant on the RPM packaging system. RPM provides cross-Linux-distribution compatibility for the installation of the systemd service and facilitates a clean uninstallation process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that currently, there is no Debian support. GEOPM Service installation is reliant on the RPM packaging system. RPM provides cross-Linux-distribution compatibility for the installation of the systemd service and facilitates a clean uninstallation process.
```

or `...Debian package...`?

Reviewer 2: Um...we have debian support!  There is even a ``make deb`` target that will build the package files.

Building GEOPM Service RPMs
-----------------------------

> The GEOPM service build system provides support for packaging for CentOS 8, RHEL 8, and SLES 15 SP2.

Reviewer: Minor suggestion:

```suggestion
The GEOPM service build system provides packaging support for CentOS 8, RHEL 8, and SLES 15 SP2.
```

Source Build Guide
==================

This documentation provides build instructions for administrators who are
interested in installing the GEOPM Service based on a checkout from the GEOPM
git repository. Following these instructions will assist users in creating RPM
packages compatible with various Linux distributions.

We have tested packages created through this process on CentOS 8, RHEL 8, and
SLES 15 SP2 Linux distributions. Feedback from installations on other

> distributions such as Fedora, openSUSE Leap, and Ubuntu would be greatly

Reviewer 2: update OS's tested.

appreciated.

GEOPM Service installation is available via both RPM and deb packages. These
packages provide cross-Linux-distribution compatibility for the installation of
the systemd service and facilitate a clean uninstallation process.

Building GEOPM Service RPMs
-----------------------------

The GEOPM service build system provides support for packaging for CentOS 8,

> RHEL 8, and SLES 15 SP2.

Reviewer 2: Update OS's

    $HOME/rpmbuild/RPMS/x86_64/libgeopmd2-<VERSION>-1.x86_64.rpm

Installing and Running the GEOPM Service
------------------------------------------------

> Post following the aforementioned instructions, install the RPM files by executing the `install_service.sh` script located within `service/integration` subdirectory of the GEOPM repository.

Reviewer: Column limit. More instances in this file.

    $HOME/rpmbuild/RPMS/x86_64/libgeopmd2-<VERSION>-1.x86_64.rpm

> 

Reviewer 2: Add documentation for the `make deb` target.

Installing and Running the GEOPM Service
------------------------------------------------

Post following the aforementioned instructions, install the RPM files by
executing the `install_service.sh` script located within `service/integration`
subdirectory of the GEOPM repository.

.. code-block:: bash

    cd geopm/service
    sudo ./integration/install_service.sh $(cat VERSION) $USER
    systemctl status geopm

> Installation of the GEOPM Service Development Package

Reviewer 2: Should we update `install_service.sh` to support ubuntu?

    $HOME/rpmbuild/RPMS/x86_64/python3-geopmdpy-<VERSION>-1.x86_64.rpm
    $HOME/rpmbuild/RPMS/x86_64/libgeopmd2-<VERSION>-1.x86_64.rpm

> Building GEOPM Service DEBs

Reviewer 3: Debian Packages
